hi y'all ha hi guys I'm dying I'm from
the north and I'm from the south and
today and out of st. Patrick's Day where
he's going to show you how to make an
Irish dish and it's called box steep and
it's very versatile it's um like a
potato pancake you can move a catch up
on one or cheese or jelly or an a you
can whatever you like we'll be right
back to show you okay so we're going to
show you how to make those box States
you will need for 25 large potatoes a
half of a cup of milk and separately a
fourth of a cup of milk you're going to
need 1 teaspoon of salt and separately a
fourth of a teaspoon of salt 1 large egg
a third cup of flour 1 teaspoon of
pepper and 1 to 2 tablespoons of butter
or margarine we have an open set to 200
degrees to hold the Box geez that's
going to keep them warm I'm path going
to great two of these potatoes and I'm
going to cube two of them so we can get
them boiling and we'll be right back
da has a potatoes cubed and she's going
to put them in this saucepan and she's
going to add water to cover them all
right about a inch oh and then she's
gonna bring them to a boil and once
they've been boiling for a minute or two
I wonder adduce the heat to a simmer for
about eight to ten minutes or two until
they're just tender okay whenever i
finish grading the potatoes by season
them with the fourth of a teaspoon of
salt and I place them in a strainer to
remove the moisture ok we're going to
let our potatoes cook and we'll be right
back when the Virginia's are ready
welcome back our potatoes have done are
done and us rains the water off I'm
going to put them in this mixing bowl
I'm going to add
I'm going to add a fourth of a cup of
milk and I'm going to mix it until it's
smooth and while Dawes is mixing her
potatoes out I'm going to take mine and
press them until the grated potatoes
until I remove as much moisture as
possible we'll be right back hey welcome
back y'all
my test my potatoes are moisture free
and minor mashed and I'm going to add my
frigate potatoes to the match
here's your ball here i'm going to add
the egg and remaining milk and there's
the flour and pour it in slowly and i'm
going to add the pepper to it let's not
forget the salt
ok I'm going to whisk this until smooth
I'm going to set the griddle on 350 now
I'm going to easily incorporate the
potato
you'll know if the griddle is hot by
taking a couple of taking water and it's
a water dances around on the griddle you
know it's hot it ready okay now that the
griddle is ready you can butter the
griddle better lightly drop about a porn
now i'm going to dial up about a fourth
of a cup of dallas if you make one big
one put it in the middle if you do for
put them on the side we're going to
spread them it's so about a fourth of an
inch thick
we're going to look and let these cook
until the pancake box our golden brown
and that will be about 45 minutes we'll
be right I knew what I was doing here
we're back I'm going to take these off
the griddle and put them on a baking
sheet and place them in it I've been see
how nice and brown there and while I was
doing that I'm going to use up the rest
of the batter and we'll be right back
when we're done okay we're back and we
have our Irish vaccine you don't want to
keep these warm well yeah that's why I
kept them in the oven they're great with
just about any mail you can use them in
place of bread or potato for dinner you
can use my breakfast treating them as
pancake with fruit topping or syrup or
has a crush brown whether sweet or
savory for breakfast lunch or dinner we
hope that you try these Irish treats
tada we'll see y'all next time bye